e
e e
my I lovely lady LS yeah what's up good
morning good morning it's a good morning
it is a good morning this OBS was uh
sparring with me again before I can get
the stream started but that's okay it's
a little bit
faster uh resolution for it this morning
hope you're doing well this obviously we
are in
the
Thursday trading session for uh indices
our Focus has been on the NASDAQ as you
can see on the right hand side that is a
1 minute chart reacting off of some
random
level for uh the new week I'm sorry new
day opening
Gap and upper left hand
corner we have the 15-minute time frame
and then the 5 minute time frame in the
lower
left so we will will
be watching how we
open there's going to be a a rather
large
gap so we'll be annotating that real
quick here so this is where we stop
trading for regular trading session
hours again then lower right hand
corner that's where we're
toggling and then we're going to
[Music]
and we will
use
this and then where we open up at
9:30 we will annotate
that so right now it's trading at 348
so if I
grab that highlight it hold down control
drag away and put it real close to that
market price that we're at right now
when I go back to electronic trading
hours it'll be there for me to
drop like that and then I'll
[Music]
just change that now to
this and this will
be set to whatever the first opening
price is at 9:30 in about 55 seconds or
less so we have a ra rather
large premium opening so is a lot
of a lot of movement from where we
settled on the day session yesterday
versus where we're opening up it doesn't
mean always there's a complete return
back to that that level down here but we
will look for indications that it will
try to do that and right away my
interest is I I'd like to see this
traded too it need not do anything in
here we're not trying to pick the top as
I was talking about yesterday um we want
to see how the opening range opening
range is the first 30 minutes from 9:30
to 10: a.m. New York local time if your
time on your trading view platform is
not set to New York you need to set it
to that that way everything that you're
learning in this YouTube channel is
Germain here we are so the opening price
is
352 so all you have to do
is change it to
352 all better baby right there so now
what we're doing we're just going to
watch and see does it have a run above
the high
here that's where our
[Music]
buy side liquidity
is and top
left okay so we're just going to sit and
relax
um I I have an appointment at 10:45 that
I have to make so we'll be going to
around 10:30 probably a few minutes
before
10:30 so I'll sit with you through the
uh the first 30 minutes after uh 10 so
hopefully we'll see some kind of a
silver bullet I can walk with walk you
through excuse me
okay we have a small little Gap that we
just traded into here we'll see if that
provides a means of engaging the
liquidity there
there you
go so that's one of those uh really easy
bread and butter set ups where we can
see that there's a pool of
liquidity they're going they're going to
Fe that's
Bailey hang on one second let me text my
wife and tell her to kennel
all
right so we had our little initial
run after big pop at
8:30 completely random who could expect
something like that to occur we had this
volume imbalance between these two
bodies here we traded back up into that
trading there and we have relative equal
lows from here to here
study
[Music]
that so the relative equal highs
here we saw it run above
that that small little Gap right there
small little one right there I'll
highlight it for
you actually going just maximize this
chart we'll work with this
[Music]
one right there
keep it neutral I don't want to
influence you with the color but uh I
don't need that
[Music]
line so as we traded down to this
here I took your attention there after
obviously it was sitting like right in
here but that right there is still a
point of entry because you have
low high low or low you're in the
breaker that could have been used as
a more or less the fair value Gap does
it respond off of it yes you don't need
the candle to
close and then the liquidity was here so
looking at from this area
here ring up to take that
liquidity that's your
first screenshot shot you want to take
and annotate that Caleb and have how
much time it took to run obviously it
doesn't take much it's like 1
minute how much heat was on that fair
value Gap
zero and then there's immediate run to
liquidity so now because we've had this
run here and we've had the big run
up um over the last few actually like a
week and a half now it's been going
higher we had an 830
impulsive price run creating the high
here we
opened 930 ran to buy side
here what's
this what is this right
here a premium
Wick we're studying the buy side in here
we want to see does it want to come back
CU think about everybody that's long
they're going to Trail their stop losses
where are they going to jam them up
to right below
here so anyone that wanted to break out
and go long they're going to do it want
to break out above here so they're in
now they're you they already have people
on the board net long and where are they
going to put their stop loss right below
here all under
here and the carryover from
yesterday and this morning at 8:30 when
we had the run up
here off of today's new day opening
Gap rallied institutional orall entry
drill Breakaway
Gap this is where a bull flag does work
and then runs up this Gap right here and
the liquidity my focus is here I'm not
trying to pick the top but what I'm
looking for is I want to see can
we break below this Gap that's in yellow
okay that's where my focus is my eye is
there because I want to see do we get
below it come back up and treat it as an
inversion fair value Gap that sends us
into the liquidity here and into this
Gap right there so for the morning
session it's too rich too expensive
right now to want to buy it we have a
gap higher
opening we've had an initial run to by
side I'm not chasing that so we're back
in the same criteria that we were on was
it Tuesday so I will not buy premium
like this this is this is too rich too
expensive and again same thing if it
wants to run it'll run without me and
I'll wait later on in the morning 10
o'clock I'll do something with the
Silver Bullet there it's always there
it's never it's never not in the charts
okay so we have one more bump above the
high
and let me draw out the
uh this is where my interest is for the
morning session thus
[Music]
far and I don't know why I did that it
should be this
color there you go
so what we have here is we have low high
low breaker breaker inside of the new
day opening Gap that's this level here
and that level here we consolidate we
drop
down 830 boom takes
off leav a gap here relative equal lows
here the highs have been
taken so what we're watching is the
market being made Jagged on the upside
after a large gap opening again you can
see that here see that big gap between
where we settled yesterday and where we
are here so that's why my interest is at
that fair value Gap and the that
low because it's only been a
consolidation run to the liquidity come
back a small little retracement and then
rally once more so we're really we're
really expensive very very expensive
and a lot of Traders with deeper pockets
are going to wait for a discount and
they're not interested in trying to buy
these inflated
prices the public the street you know
the street money or quote unquote dumb
money uh they'll they'll buy it every
single time it does this because they're
they're buying momentum or they're
shorting weakness so they're they're cha
they're always perpetually chasing price
and as a professionally minded
Speculator and analyst you want to be
looking for cheap discounted prices to
buy and you want to sell expensive
premium priced instruments so it's very
important to have those rules and write
those things down in your
Journal no nothing forces you to pay too
much nothing should make you feel like
you're going to miss out so you're
willing to pay a higher price for it if
you have that rule in your Trading
it's going to prevent a lot of heart
heartache and hardships
because chasing price is never a good
thing very very few and far between are
there instances where chasing it and it
runs you five 600 eight points it's very
rare that it does that but it's more
likely that it does these little go up
break out get people caught long and if
they didn't get enough on that pass here
they have it now so we have one two
three now we have it with the candle
there see we have three three dries
pattern higher inside liquidity all of
this is made Jagged now and I want to
see can we get into this below it treat
as inversion fair value Gap as long as
it doesn't trade below these lows or
into this Gap here I'd like to see it
use that as a catalyst to bring us down
into that and then hypothetically Caleb
what you would say is I want to see if
it does these very things this would be
a screenshot that goes down there after
King off that that's a screenshot for
for a short idea but you're not demoing
it you're not in any kind of actual
trade you're just watching it and then
you would say Okay um partial taken here
and then you would look to see if it
wants to get down into this one but
you're taking one step at a time you're
not trying to go in here and pick the
top you're not trying to you call the
top you're looking for signatures to
support an idea that you're hunting that
will be part of your repertoire and your
model you're not forcing your idea
you're not arm wrestling you're not
trying to impose your will you're not
saying it has to happen you're watching
to see if these things do in fact form
in price
action you got to be really really
relaxed try not to expect everything to
pan
out to your wishes every day because
it's not going to be like that
always okay small little Gap right here
right there between that
candle and this candle's
High I keep telling myself pouring my
water into a cup that wasn't it's not
always making that noise but just think
of it as ictr
I got people that leave comments say I
like when you whisper I wish you would
talk to your commentary and Whispers
then I have other people saying dude why
you Whispering I'm creeped
out and you think I'm bipolar my
audience is
bipolar they're never you know they're
never uh they're never satisfied
[Music]
okay one more pass into the original buy
side right
here if you look back at what we've been
doing since uh Tuesday as I mentioned on
that day I said even it wants even if it
wants to keep going higher it's
okay we're not trying to pick a top
we're not trying to pick a bottom but
we're looking for logic to
frame a a a form of study that will
helpfully hopefully and help formulate a
routine that we go into price and we
look for these types of things to occur
and if they are not in the chart you're
sitting still it doesn't mean you you're
subpar substandard not able to trade
because you're not looking at every one
of these fluctuations and knowing it's
going to do it that's irrelevant right
now
the information is too
premature and we're waiting so I'm
framing it
on I want to see it get below here if it
keeps going higher that's okay I'll wait
for more information because 10 o'clock
Silver Bullet that's our main focus for
the day but we're watching and observing
the opening range how we're behaving
initially with the liquidity sell side
which I should have this annotated I
apologize
[Music]
now when we were looking at this Gap
here as I was mentioning it I would have
preferred to see this go and not come
back down to that again the fact that it
came down like that to me is problematic
I don't like to see a run do that and it
just feels like they keep sending it
higher sending it higher and all of this
is work to get people in going long or
stopping out anyone that's already short
so this is these types of days or these
types of conditions in the early part of
the
session you see people complain oh
they're chopping me up I I get keep
getting stopped out I don't know it's
just you the chop is you know really
messing me up you just you have to learn
to wait it's it's nothing nothing going
on just because we annotate the gaps and
the runs where it could reach to that's
not your trade setup that's not Caleb
setup it's just worth studying delivery
how it behaves is it able to hold on to
these levels once they're being book
like we I'm studying this this is where
my my eye is I'm looking at how price is
held above
here all of this I'm viewing that as
potentially just a
trap keeping the market there holding it
there and then because it won't Rally or
if it doesn't rally say it that way
doesn't if it doesn't go higher and
parly start running away higher it's
more likely that this is just being kind
of like a snare holding traders in the
the hope that it's going to keep going
higher because we had this big run at
830 they feel like they missed the move
we
opened at
9:30 small little decline into a fair
value Gap and then back up into the the
buy side so we we're working this area
above this high but are we seeing
any immediate runs higher since then not
yet it can but I don't want to trade
this early because these are generally
times where you can get caught off guard
or offside that means you're on the
wrong side of the marketplace so I would
rather air on the side of caution and
wait for the information I've already
given you I want to see this Gap trade
down through it treat it as inversion
Fairway Gap and reach for this liquidity
and maybe get as far down here and it
can still go higher just look at how it
traded
yesterday okay so we mean another higher
high so the same thing here I'm still
viewing this as all this is could be
could potentially just be holding
traders
in trapping them at a higher price and
then Rak them lower because they could
do two things by doing that number one
it's going to cause pain for anyone that
bought a breakout I'm not interested in
buying a Breakout it get if if it
rallies and keeps going higher it's okay
it's a move that I'm not a part of go
back to the lecture I gave on Tuesdays
um live stream I guess that would be
what the
7th just look at whatever Tuesday's date
is that that that lecture talks about
what I'm willing to endure what I'm
looking for what I will not be
interested in trading on and when I let
price go without
me so because we've had this big run up
since
8:30 let's put some that back in the
chart
again this is
all
Euphoria and then we had a high we open
traded above it traded above it traded
above it traded now we're here I'm not
interested in taking that long I don't
want to buy this I don't want to I
wouldn't take a fair value Gap in here
to go down into the trade higher because
it's too long in the tooth that means
it's too too far stretched out and it's
more likely to try to revert back to a
fair value what is that where liquidity
is below lows below lows gaps relative
equal lows this Gap here this
consolidation there's a lot of liquidity
and interest to protect a long position
right right below here because it's
moved up a lot real quick so Traders are
going to want to be placing their stop
loss just below that to protect and
Preserve
the majority of all this move if they
were happy or lucky enough to be part of
it
okay
950 just about 9 minutes before Silver B
10 o00 hour
begins 52y old bones cracking
just want to take a peek
at
es so es is lagging a little bit so that
means it's probably going
to either see NQ stay at its highs and
allow es to catch up
meaning that yes it should be going
above this high but if we start to see
NASDAQ breakdown and Es fails to go to
this high or
higher we
have my eyes going
here so if it's going there I like that
gap for
ES so for those that are watching ES
just look at it like this it's easier
for me to draw that level there but it
still might first initially take out
that high because we have NASDAQ flexing
today strutting her [__]
remember we're not trying to pick the
end of the up move because it's an
election year I told you many times even
in uh Twitter spaces over last year and
the year before election years they
tried to pump up the stock market
because they like to make the incumbent
president look like they've done well
for the economy but the stock market is
not indicative of a measurement of the
economy it's just a speculative Casino
so it's kind of like a built-in
self-fulfilling
prophecy electioneers tend to have a
built-in buy model it just keeps going
higher pressing higher it's easier for
the market to go higher on Election
years than it is to
drop and you add that to the built-in
premise that stocks are meant to go up
the markets meant to go up
it's you're fighting a losing battle if
you're trying to you know trying to
short every instance that the market
gives you some kind of a broken wi
tactic like oh look I'm I'm I'm about to
go down and you go in and you try to
short it you get chopped up like this
which is why I have adopted models where
I have to see certain things traded to
and then you got folks that may listen
to this or watch it and they'll say this
this guy doesn't know where the Market's
going I know where it's going it's going
to keep pushing and squeezing against
people that want to go short
because everything tells me it's want to
go down here but I have to wait for it
to stop doing this part of it and my
rules say it's got to give me this first
well you're you're missing out on all
this are you in it did you go
long I'm not taking anything unless it
makes sense because I'm not I don't want
to take a trade I don't want to go into
a trade I don't want to have a an
emotional tie or concern about the
outcome of price fluctuation unless it
fits the criteria that I anticipate
seeing and if it doesn't have those
those Hallmarks those
indications what am I doing I'm gambling
then if that's what I'm not following a
rule if I'm not fing a model then I'm
just chasing price and that's
stupidity we already know that there's a
likelihood for it to keep going higher
but even if it does go higher it has to
drop and have some kind of a a
retracement some price swing that upsets
liquidity on the on the the downside
sell side sell side has to be engaged
because my mentality is I know that
entities with larger pools of income and
equity and money to put on a trade
better and greater than I
do they're not willing to take any
interest in the market when it's
rallying initially right off the opening
up this
it would rather
be more likely that they'll wait for the
market to come back and go into a pool
of liquidity where there's deeper
discounted prices and that's always
going to be below old lows singular or
relatively equal lows and waiting for
those instances is far better than just
simply saying uh it keeps going up just
keeps going up let me just get in there
because it might just keep going it
could it could keep just keep great on
going up today and just like on Tuesday
I don't care I don't care about that
because I'm not trying to be just a part
of the move I want to be in a setup that
I have framed with logic that I've
recognized I've seen before and I'm not
just going in there for the sake of I
want to put another coin in the slot
machine to see if I can get a jackpot
today that's
gambling so in other words it has to
make sense or I'm not doing
it all the other people out there demo
and do the trades and try to f me and
say I did this but you won't have any
logic behind it it'll just because you
wanted to say you did something
different I was reading uh tan just's
chat yesterday while I was
uh going back over the people I like
looking at and I'm reading the comments
they're saying ICT doesn't know where
where the Market's going to go even ICT
doesn't even know where the Market's
going I was outlining it yesterday these
people are really run really funny
let's take
a peek at the
uh let's look at the weekly chart
[Music]
right
here so
4445 is that what that is it looks like
it all right and now we can
go so we're trading in the middle or
consequent correction of that Weekly Gap
or weekly Wick which we treat as a gap
so I want to see does it start to Peter
out and run out of steam
here it Powers through and goes higher
that same level 44450 or so uh could act
as an inversion level but I'm not trying
to do anything with it unless it goes
back down through it comes back up and
then treats it as a a means of support
yeah it's beautiful is
it the other reason why I'd like to see
it trade lower before I would ever want
to go long is if you look at the opening
range
it's
annotated with the high of it here which
is the opening price at
930 many times many many times even when
you have runs that just start running
like this they'll want to come back down
in this case to come down and touch the
opening Range High which is simply the
opening
price and then it if it wants to keep
going higher then it can start to go
higher and press through that going into
the close of the
week either way this is still nothing I
Chase I would not want to be a part of
that and I can understand if you're new
or if you're rather a novice you've been
trading for a little while you maybe
demon trading maybe you passed the
funding account but never got pay out
and you're just always constantly
looking to you validate Yourself by
having criticism directed towards
somebody else if I'm sitting out here
and everybody knows I'm a a little bit
of a loud
mouth and you see runs like this and
you're say well he should he should be
part of
that well I'm not interested personally
in trying to chase after that and that's
that's been my roles ever since I
stepped out as a Trader educator type
Guru if you want to call it
that you'll see more instances of trying
to chase it and then
failing then it just keeps going higher
and higher and higher and never turns
around like these are unsustainable
price runs there has to be some kind of
a
retracement and if you don't blame me go
in with your account and trade it and
see how hard it is to hold it number one
every little fluctuation or CA
Candlestick that stays small and doesn't
really
rally you're going to start feeling all
of this anxiety because you're like oh
man oh man because it's too it's too
perfectly
one-sided and to me that's just too
enticing for someone to get raped across
the coals and I'm not willing to be the
person to do
that so I I will give up price runs like
that just like on Tuesday it's not
important to me it has to make sense so
we're in uh 10:00 now
[Music]
look at the
Dow it's another reason why I'm not a
fan of going in it because now NASDAQ is
the only one only one isn't it
interesting that I'm live streaming and
I'm telling I'm not looking for it to go
higher I'm looking for it to go lower
and keep driving it higher keep because
some of you are probably trying to
predict and trying to capture the high
and trying to go
short and if anyone's doing that you're
you're providing liquidity for that
market that keep rebooking
higher because they know they can use
your trade to book that higher price
that they keep pumping out into the
marketplace they keep offering higher
prices and you go into the market order
you go in with the limit order that
meets that criteria that you keep
pushing the price the whole time Dow and
I don't make the case for smt just on
the basis of Dow but look at
Dow compared to
es this is
smt look at the uh
es oops that's the wrong
one I was going to say wow we got a we
got a real mixed market now so we have
the higher high there but we don't have
it with the the Dow and go back into
NQ there we
go so we could be
forming an inate term High here for
Nasdaq and I'm interested
in let me leave that there for now I'm
interested in this Gap right here
right
there so now because we've had this
elongated run and Market protraction
higher digging in digging in digging in
taking anybody that wants to be short
out building in people net long so now
they have counterparties that they've
sold to
initial fair value is this not fair
value Gap fair value for the sake of
fair value is the opening Range High
which is the 930 opening
price so it's in my interest to see
drawing back down into that and touching
that again even if it want to go higher
that's
fine thing pops
[Music]
up right so now if say you're long and
you were chasing it here because you
wanted to fade ICT because ICT said I
wouldn't buy this I'm going to go long
and I'm going to be able to show social
media that I went long well you're
[__] yourself
now I want a little bit more than that
just opening and touching that that's
not
enough don't ask me why that's in my
head but that's I woke up that this
morning so I have uh
I have a Samsung Galaxy
Note 20 I think what is I forgot what it
is it's I've had it for like two
years and
uh I did the update on it there our
inversion the you got the uh and now the
top of my screen on the top edge of it
it flickers and it doesn't show the
full like on YouTube everything's
truncated it doesn't show
everything and my emails don't show and
my charts don't show so it's something
at the top of the screen so I guess
that's that planned obsolete stuff they
do oh guess you got to get a new phone
don't you ICT nope this is my last cell
phone I'm not buying another one that
can suck my ass
we want to see it if it wants to trade
back to here we want to see it get below
consequent caching of that Wick right
now it's potentially us using it as
support to go back up into this
inefficiency once
more so in other words we can see a
spike or a wick above the inversion fair
value
Gap can Spike up into that but the body
stay inside of it that's that's okay in
my mind it's
permissible I don't want to see it go
back up to here because that would mean
that this is an exhausting Gap and it's
moved away agressively this one here it
can be traded up into but I'd like to
see the upper portion of it stay open so
let me zoom in so that way you can see
it let me make it maximized first
[Music]
think of it like
this
High there's half so I would like to see
this portion up here stay
open so like
this
here
so that
[Music]
okay so any spiking up with a wick but
the body staying inside of that shaded
area here validates this as an inversion
fair value Gap so now say on a day like
this where you keep seeing this keep
driving higher and higher higher higher
and
it's I guess um I don't want to use the
words I won't I won't use the words it's
a it's more difficult for you to get a
read on it you don't want to trust
buying it because it's going higher and
it's been going straight up from the
open but it's also had a big run at 8:30
so every time Dick and Harry Street
money is trying to buy this today right
off the open and they've rewarded them
with a sugar
rush
but you see the things I'm showing here
this Gap we we want to see a trade there
there's a inefficiency here this one we
want to see that treated as an
exhaustion
Gap this one
we want to see it stay open in the upper
half of it because if it can't trade up
into this portion of it that means it's
really heavy and we can have a strong
conviction I I would rather I would have
a strong conviction about it potentially
returning back to the 9:30 opening price
and leaving that pink area up
here unfilled okay and all it's done
don't completely close it in can it go
up there and close that in and still go
lower yes it's just a matter of I prefer
it not to do that we've had one two
little Wicks above outside of this but
where the bodies are inside of it inside
of that Gap right
there we found our way through the
midpoint of this gap which is the
discount Wick so halfway let me get all
these other extra lines off I'm
[Music]
sorry I was running the standard
deviations on
the S&P last night and I left them
mon so here's the uh consequent corach
of
that I don't like the fact that we were
bumping up again in here after making
lower attempts to go lower so now go
back into thinking that it could very
well go in here once more maybe touch
the low which is consequent encroachment
of this low that candle's high but this
portion I want to see that stay open if
it completely rolls over top of that
pink area and trades
higher I'm standing still and I'm going
to have no bias and it would be no no
touch no trade not not doing anything
and I would then wait until 11 o'clock
11:30 to try to trade against whatever's
been in the marketplace up until that
point and I would use that as a lunch
macro and I would fade the run at that
time and I'm look for similar
situations so here we are we have we bed
up into that portion here which is
permissible if we can get a
close below this point
here that would indicate that it's most
likely going to roll over and then
return back into uh the opening range
having done this as long as I have I'm
very very appreciative of having the
patience that as a younger man I would
not have had I would have been chomping
at the bit every time it red up I didn't
like oh man I wish I would have bought
that I wish I would have bought that and
seeing how it's trading now I'm I'm
thankful that I have
endured the painful lessons that I had
to endure because if I didn't I would
have I would have never learned any
other way because I had initial luck and
that's always a bad
thing if it ain't made on
skill and and real ability and it's just
luck you can't hang your hat you can't
hang your hat on that and feel good
about it and it certainly doesn't booler
confidence
there we go touch the consequent
encroachment and again I want to see
this portion stay
open and if it trades through it and
above it my interest is over I'm not
doing anything with it and if I have
time I may stream the afternoon in that
in that event no promises but that would
be something I might want to
do for
[Music]
quick P
yes I'm looking at everything just like
you would if you don't have all the real
estate I have in hardware and charts and
stuff I have my single laptop I'm in my
basement laying on my wife's Love Sack
here using the foottoo as my pedestal
for my laptop which is probably not a
good idea that's why it's so hot it's
not even able to
vent ra this thing
up and then uh take a quick look at the
Dow
no participation so we have a
mixed condition where we don't have all
three averages
agreen uh that's also something that
um if this would have been like the S&P
then it really would have been
problematic to be a buyer for me but I
don't need all
[Music]
that it feels like they're going to wipe
that high one more time just because
I'm outlining it for a retracement and
if I was making the market and ICT was
live streaming I would do that too and
then i' sync it after
that see that tiny you think I don't
know what you're doing Phil
that
[Music]
for
so so far we've
had this entire Gap Clos
in here the bodies are stopping that one
little little Mohawk outside of that
range this
portion again I'm viewing that as a
exhaustion you press press press press
press High
trade below the Gap I have interest
in this feels like they want to pump it
one more
time
for
[Music]
e for
I swear that I why anybody likes to
trade Dow is beyond me it is so ugly
it's only 30
stocks so sloppy
[Music]
so now here's what we
have we have the market has dropped
shorts uh have their stop loss
[Music]
here not this
one this
one if we get a higher high because I
have to make my Escape here my
appointment's coming up I'm going to
make sure I get off here and be ready
for it it's a phone conversation I have
to
[Music]
have so okay we're in this area here so
that means it's probably going to run
this high if it runs the high then I
would look for it to break
down if we can get back below this Gap
this I would like to see that act as an
inversion Fair you got no trades have
been taken no
uh no face needs to be saved no uh no
pain no embarrassment no nothing it has
to it has to provide me the information
or there's nothing to do and I'm I'm not
going to cosign
on Market action that I'm not I'm not
comfortable with and that's the whole
point of teaching my son this way
because it's not getting in a trade
system because you have a
trade so I'd like to see it bump to high
one more time that would that would give
the street
money comfort that they're they're
probably right and then they would raise
their stop loss below here so this is
where a second pool of liquidity
is up equal lows
it's going to go up there it should do
it
now because you had a gap it overshot it
went into that Gap here so it should
spring up there and clear that
high this
[Music]
yeah I might uh I might live stream this
evening this afternoon
rather if I do you'll see a post on my
community post on my community tab on
the YouTube channel it wouldn't be
before uh
it would probably be 145 if I do it at
all but this for Caleb's learning he
would be doing
nothing he wouldn't do anything
today because the the time constraints
have already expired for him it wouldn't
be something he would be pushing and
doing anything so he would turn his
charts off and just go do whatever he's
going to do and then come back in the
evening and do his logging and back test
to study to see what was available in
price
action I'll stay with you for another
three minutes and then we'll close this
one when we get through August this is
pretty much what the the timelines are
going to be like starting when the
stream hopefully at 9:15 but uh 9:15 and
then closing them by 11:00 a.m. so
they'll be a little bit smaller and dur
ation and a whole lot less talking
because I want to be observing and
watching
price and only speaking when there's
something that's
pertinent so I'd like to see as like a
trap or a one more gun on it to set up a
a retracement into the opening range Gap
high is not just go above this High by
like a a tick or two I want to see them
throw it above there pretty good like 10
15 handles maybe 20 handles above it and
then Peter out and especially if they do
that
with the S&P not doing so hot you in in
in comparison it should take that high
out so so to your understanding I
believe that that high could be taken
out but this afternoon going into the
lunch or post lunch this Gap and this
level right there I believe we're going
to see that again today that's what I
would go into the after without me know
anything more than I have in the chart
right now I would look for those levels
to be treaded to and if it doesn't do it
prior to one o' then I would expect that
to be what we would see in the afternoon
and if I can find the the time and the
opportunity to live stream it and it
hasn't done those things I'll come out
and I'll try to walk you through it as
well but the
ym this is a sick puppy
like I would not be interested in that
at
all
now one of the things that Dal tends to
do is it'll do all this lethargic I'm
not following along in pal and then all
of a sudden it comes to life and real
suddenly runs and gets to these levels
so then that way you have any
cancellation of an smt Divergence where
one indic makes a higher high or two
indices make a higher high and one
doesn't generally it's usually going to
be the Dow that doesn't want to listen
it's a brat it just does not want to
listen and that's the reason why I don't
trade it because it's usually the first
indication
of things starting to crack things are
not uh they're not as strong or as weak
as they may
[Music]
seem and I prefer to see a smt
Divergence on either the es or the
NASDAQ compared compared l so in other
words if a higher high seen in
yes if the market breath and
strength is there then the NASDAQ should
do it too and if it's not if it's not
seen then I'm not really willing to
Chase or look for continuation or look
for a follow through for the session or
for the
day right this should pop up there next
candle
[Music]
there it
is so anyone that's short here they've
been canceled out so then now I can't
stay with you because I got to escape
now but uh I would look for a reason for
it to roll over and then it start to
accelerate and I treat this Gap as an
inversion pair value Gap and because of
the range and the size of it run the
quadrants on it so put your F on that
candle's low that candle's high and have
all those levels in here and we would
start to see once it gets down below it
we want to see the upper half of it left
pretty much open not try to trade to it
too much and all the work be done at the
lower half or underneath it and then
send us below the consequent corre of
that Wix
midpoint and accelerate with large
candles below here trading back down in
to opening range Gap high and if it
wants to accelerate through that into
the afternoon here and then liquidity
there and it can still go higher after
that just know that that's uh what I
would
expect and I think that's going to be it
uh not all that terribly sexy
today but uh that's how it's going to be
sometimes when you're trading your own
money you just going to have to wait and
don't force it that's going to be it for
this one I will touch base with you this
afternoon if the it's possible if I can
work it out with my wife and she's okay
with it and if not I will see you
tomorrow um before 9:30 opening bell
let's say it that way I'm going to aim
for 9:15 but before the opening bell at
9:30 New York eastern time so I'll talk
to you then be safe
[Music]